there's not particularly one most dangerous thing I've ever done. Flying
helicopters. The nature of being a helicopter pilot is dangerous
because helicopters don't want to fly. Um, but you can point to any
night flying over the ocean when there's no moon or it's cloudy and
raining where you can't see much and you're susceptible to, uh, various
physiological effects that can. I mean, they could put you in the
water very easily, uh, one of the most normal and yet harrowing experiences
that any helicopter pilot has, and they had him all the time
is doing night landings on the back of small ships. You're basically
putting a helicopter down in a small space with a wall right in
front of you. If you if you do it poorly, then your rotor blades, you're
gonna hit the ship. Uh, that is that's pretty for as often as we
do it, I still don't feel terribly comfortable doing. I have hundreds
of landing on the back of ships at night,